hey everybody welcome back to during the
lion plays The Binding of Isaac after
birth plus I'm sitting up like a good
boy because my neck hurts
I got like positively British posture
right now manners maketh man um many
people perhaps will watch this and go
your neck still hurts I'm recording this
like 20 minutes after the last episode
don't sweat it do we have to mom let's
still keep ur greed run we still need to
unlock the loss but until then this will
be the last greed run we ever have to do
here's our seed 1 never 9 + P 7 get a
little HP right off the bat not useful
yet possibly useful soon though and
let's see what we got in here if we can
manage to get swallowed penny then that
demon judgment provides us with like an
outrageous amount of value so what's the
game plan pretty simple you know I'm not
sure if greed as the keeper is any
easier or any harder than any other
character will get HP back every single
wave and will also generate quite a lot
of money
doubtlessly I mean we be odd 's have
been forever in our favor so far but
well it will earn a lot of money
regardless just from even the expected
value of once every two waves giving us
a single penny you know it's probably
like an extra item or two over the
course of the full run even if we only
get pennies we've already gotten one
nickel so I don't know if it's any
easier or harder I probably say it's
it's easier to win greed as the keeper
then to win a normal run as the keeper
just keeping in mind that every time we
get hit we do have to spend a little
money on it which is unfortunate we
could also like much more easily step on
the button
but I'd really prefer not to have to
we should have Oh Lord this is too many
enemies I don't want to use my bomb oh
it's a dang nightmare anyway we're gonna
strengthen up somehow
after toughening up we're then going
this is stupid
after toughening up we're gonna oh
you're a real boy please no
after toughening up we're gonna hope to
get a one heart deal with the devil so
that we can actually take the HP upgrade
meaningfully instead of just getting
nothing of value out of it whatsoever
I think there's a decent chance that
could come true obviously to HP deals
are just not doable
I actually feel okay about the way that
we played here but you know I could
understand if you watch this and you
went what is wrong with you sir thank
you for your politeness by the way I
think I am at a cerbai stage judging by
my neck pain right now none of this is
really good enough to get stoked over
freaky please that is not a freaky I
really want to go for like a reroll
machine I can't imagine that being good
for business right now let's buy a key
get sack dagger this is an outrageously
useful item thank you so much for your
help so because our deal with the devil
is not at all dependent on us avoiding
taking damage I'm gonna be using sac
dagger to an outrageous degree because
it's a dream crusher now we should not
have taken all that money cuz I could
have used that for HP right there know
Krampus pls no Krampus but also no items
so our HP fundamentally useless unless
that was an HP downgrade or that one
which it was okay I mean should I be
happy with this
I got my HP back and we know there's an
HP downgrade in the pool which is great
because it could eventually be an HP
upgrade but for now I think we'll use a
bomb and we'll take pay-to-play which is
a little bit of money but predominantly
the strength here is definitely the fact
that we'll never have to buy a key again
yeah I can live with this we could have
also gone for like the Wooden Nickel
play it could have given us a nickel
which could have given us BFF if we'd
wanted to purchase it anything funny all
right that probably was the right play
then don't really care about a range
upgrade but let's get this let's get
this show on the road
actually you know what let's see if we
can buy anything first
we don't need keys we don't really want
to donate money to try to get HP so we I
mean out of these we probably would be
looking at a rear ol more so than
anything else but you know meat not
necessarily a zero out of ten you might
think I'm disappointed but the existence
of a health downgrade is actually very
positive for us right now it means we
could take a deal with the devil for
free I am an actual idiot I actually
just facepalms
in real life my neck ooh dmq AJ 9dq we
did we were stacked why not just pick up
the money if you're fool ya idiot
hairpin bosses charge you
but like in the good way right um its
use a bomb it's pretty much the best
return on our investment we could have
hoped for
grab this I've got an idea it's kind of
a bad idea
cuz now that I think about it it's a
horrible idea what I was gonna do is use
the money from here to get the demon
judgment to pay out with something why
is it a terrible idea
cuz it's basically the same as a regular
judgment except with a different item
pool when you consider the fact that
we're using money to play the deal
that's not a great setup for us I think
now remember you know that items so far
have not been great I'm a little salty
that we just left our last run without
you know getting any advantages out of
it
there could be a situation we basically
spend one cent to step on the button if
stepping on the button though and maybe
it's more than one salmon opportunity
cost but if stepping on the button keeps
us from picking up you know two cents to
heal up then I think that that's well
worth it we're gonna leave one cent on
the ground and see if we can maybe get
it tears upgrade seems viable blood clot
could be worth it
I'm not sure how it works with triple
shot I'm gonna assume the answer is that
it does and I just don't need to know
the specifics it's not gonna get enough
money to buy anything else on this floor
unless we get a really lucky payout wow
that was bad unless we get a really
lucky payout so I wouldn't sweat that
too much just yet we had the perfect
storm on our last floor so it bums me
out is that I had kind of through a
combination of cleverness and quite a
lot of luck if I'm being honest created
a situation that was way better than it
had any right to bead right off the bat
on an otherwise fairly vanilla keeper
run - hello - squander that makes me a
very sad boy wow it worked never should
have but here we are so you might get
enough money to like buy a key if
there's a three cent key I'll just pick
one up pretty much right now
no three cent key you know what we're
actually gonna get enough money to buy
something do we want to buy a blood clot
I kind of feel like for greed obviously
finding like a way to just win the games
is pretty good
so really we're looking for the same
things that we'd be looking for with any
other character particularly swallowed
penny like nun's habit I don't think is
that valuable cuz we're already getting
a lot of coins on pretty much every wave
so I don't think we need that as much
but to be able to play like a demon
judgment endlessly for free would be
pretty sweet and also to have a coin
presumably appear pretty close to us
when we get hit would be good a d20
might well now we don't really want to
do 20 cuz we want to keep Wooden Nickel
probably we also need something that
gives us the ability to win without the
existence of
the standard style of green like a big
room that has a lot of enemies in it
because we have to fight greed at some
point so it would be better for us maybe
to get just unbelievably strong damage
leave a leave a coin just in case I
think and then come back here and look
at this we got a lot of bombs so like
blood clot could be good but I'm looking
for something a little better and none
of this fits the bill that's fine we got
this with the bombs are for black candle
I don't think it's worth it we can't
benefit from the spear of the hearts I
mean thunder thighs is not worth it
especially with poor speed but if we get
an unbelievably useful item from our
deal with the devil we might be
interested like if we get a brimstone or
something then I think we've got to pay
more attention to the idea of taking
thunder thighs no Brimstone's to HP we
can't take it to begin with
ok disregard it have to be an amazing
one hard deal and I can't even imagine
what that would be at this point we
could take nine lives then brimstone but
we're kind of getting into you know
ridiculous territory if that happens
we'll cross that bridge when we come to
it for now that bridge doesn't even
exist it's like you know when people say
hey if you believe that I got a bridge I
want to sell you that's the bridge we're
talking about that bridge don't exist at
least not yet but if we build it they
will come
feel the dreams good movie well I don't
know what it is with greed mode we have
a tendency to not get very good deals
with a devil right off the bat
unfortunately frees us up to use our
bombs for this though yeah we'll take
sin toil no problem and we'll get the
heck out of here we need more damage
because the more damage we have the
better
please be small rock with with more
damage will clear waves faster which
means we'll make more money which means
we have more money on the ground for HP
and also we can buy more things which
inevitably is what carries us to
greatness so it's basically a 10-cent
pick up there and forever alone is fine
not against that
obviously I've got an eye towards the
beelzebub transformation but um I don't
know maybe hive mind works towards that
I can't recall for now though just see
if we can get through this wave you know
we got a lot of flies backing us up our
damage is a little bit better now no
guarantees never gonna be able to uh
there's a hidden enemy where are you oh
he was in the middle of the coins sneaky
sneaky no guarantees we'll be able to
get through this without having to touch
the button but again touching the button
doesn't really matter much yet
try not to waste any plays here you know
that there is like a mass effect you
want to use the you want to use the
Wooden Nickel as much as possible in
order to create a situation in which you
get the maximum value help we've made it
and we got through this only taking one
damage so it's like a win-win sleeve a
little bit of money on the ground for
now like that maybe cuz we have a full
reroll here do we want a hive mind I
don't think we need it we I'm gonna take
box because the idea here is we at least
get a bomb a key in a penny a tarot card
that could be useful a pill that turned
out to be useful and I mean Blacktooth
occasionally might be OK for us
I think it's an OK value and then we're
gonna say goodbye hivemind a tears
upgrade for a shot speed downgrade I
actually like but I want to I want to
see if we get a deal with the devil
first because we might derive value from
that so we don't need to buy any more
keys we could save our Sun card for a
future floor but I'm not gonna I'm gonna
use it like basically I blew it
no I didn't he still took damage
basically I know this guy's not tanky
he's just annoying in terms of the
prolonged period of invincibility he's
got it's like black tooth is
occasionally we're poisonous or
occasionally our shots are poisonous
like do we get a we get a bad breath
aura that seems fitting for the name of
the item or do we get you know
occasionally poison shots
only time will tell
again we just don't want to buy the HP
upgrade until it's clear we can or
cannot derive maximum value from it and
repeating of course mmm the ayyy talk
nerdy to me we just want to make sure
you know if we can get a devil deal item
essentially for free absolutely that's
gonna be you know the path we want to
take this one's going okay to who they
never give me deals in the deal we can
use on Sue's on Sue's does very little
for us we could use Yara right now but
there's not that much money on the
grounds could we'd rather use it all at
once on like a future floor so do we
really care that much about its here's
upgrade we do because we have triple
shot and that's a pretty big upgrade now
I'll take a lump of coal as well and
we'll just move along that was like a
pretty solid get there I think so now
the big play for us is to double as much
money as possible down here on the
deficit I think we got a good start here
anything could happen
dude mom's wig pretty good
cat-o'-nine-tails really good another
syringe might be worth buying we'll also
check the card death card can be worth a
lot right here fool card you know what
was it worth it one cent for a few flies
I wouldn't say it wasn't worth it
because it was technically maybe like
eight cents because of all not eats it
technically two cents because of the
doublings we could have had but all
right let's get this road on the show
actually ok damage out but we should
also not pick up our bombs because in
case it's not abundantly clear those can
be doubled as well there's probably not
a world or an alternate you know
multiverse where I actually use all
these bombs that were gonna garner here
clearly our shots are the ones that get
the poison shot by the way because I
didn't touch that enemy at all and he
still got poisoned this could be big for
us we might have found the scene I
shouldn't say the scene we might have
found all seem because I think every
green mode run has about 50 if I'm able
to find one almost every run there's
probably more than enough let's put it
at that it's a lot of money to be
doubled but there's always more to be
made here Oh kind of a tight dodge range
is high enough we can keep them at bay I
think we got pretty lucky there and we
can double starting essentially right
now what if I can just do exactly the
same technique
I don't see him anymore hard to miss but
still might be like my least favorite
boss in the game picked up two bombs
it's all ruined now not really I don't
want a double yet cuz maybe we can get
it consumable from the drop here well
now we can double
I'm figured I might as well wait until
our final Wooden Nickel play was that a
little too precious yeah probably
dude there's like an extra 40 cents
right there in nickels alone I also got
a deal with the angel this isn't bad
bunch of a seemed like it's funny that
this looks so dramatic but if we had
just picked up the dollar we wouldn't
have been like wow that's amazing we
would have been like oh cool but to make
you know 91 cents out of 46 is all of a
sudden like oh my god sure let's go for
full deals with the angel we actually
this is more of a seemed we just got a
seven damage up from a single item keep
in mind we still want to keep money on
the ground in these situations cuz like
we could still end up taking damage and
dying even with 15.5 damage so we
definitely will take a speed upgrade
that gives us a chance to get spun and
then apart from that the rest of these
kind of stink so we're gonna save our
money for the next shop it's all about
you know kenny rogers said it best man
know when to hold em know when to fold
them know when to buy an item know when
to run you never count your donations
when you're sittin at the table at the
time enough for countin when the
dealin's done brother Bobby garbage item
pants a gram very solid with the damage
is kind of hitting diminishing returns
but it's still good
we don't need keys so we'll open this
just got flies homing shots should be
good 20 20 should be incredible fire
might stay far far away
chaos found our secret room as well I
mean I I find it hard to resist the
$0.07 chaos strength card judgment just
blow up the judgment Fish Head can't see
that being that useful
we'll start with chaos we definitely do
not care about placebo $0.07 guppies
head swing for the moon even if you miss
you'll land amongst the stars here we
don't need the HP but I'm kind of happy
it exists so the thing is we don't
actually need Wooden Nickel as much as
we might benefit from having Guppies
head I think at this point because
remember we have to fight greed at some
point anyway
holy Mansell maybe not that valuable but
I think it's valuable enough to check
alright
I just think getting three flies per
wave is probably more valuable here the
end game is to essentially just become
guppy create our own flies at will but
this is extremely good and we're not
worried about donating at all you might
have found yourself asking that question
and now what about the donations what
about the donations we're greed my dude
as greed do you worry about donations
now you look out for numero uno how's
thematically fitting all right easy
waves easy life you got 18 damage which
means our flies are doing 36 each
spiders are doing oh wait are they doing
36 are they doing 54 sorry now fish or
are they doing 27 is what I mean to
suggest so spiders two and a half or two
I thought they were two and a half but I
might be wrong maybe flies are one and a
half and spiders or two it doesn't
matter that much they're doing a lot of
damage so we should have a decent angel
chance got an HP upgrade but our second
key piece why take the second key piece
more angel chances in the future I guess
is the be honest answer strength card is
valuable after we get hit once but first
give me guppy please Guppies caller
that's very good
now do we need Guppies head no but we
don't need very much of anything at all
do we think we'd rather keep it then
have the chance to get one extra penny I
don't know maybe maybe not our best
strategy is definitely gonna be just
like not getting hit against greed but
obviously like that's easier said than
done that being said we do have another
floor before we have to worry about
things experimental treatment is very
dangerous so so what do you do try to
get mr. me to steal an item for you I
always use this item wrong but you know
what
please take BFF for me
hey he's done it because there's an HP
upgrade I am gonna go for spun because
we can just buy the HP upgrade if we
lose HP which we did but we did also
everything else went up except for shout
speed which is extremely who cares so
we'll go back to full HP and this is
probably where we stop for now
we have the strength card to bail
ourselves out but it'd be much better if
we didn't have to pretty fortuitous HP
plays here and pleased with the way
these are going it's been kind of like a
commentary focus run like a like
strategy focus commentary would be a
better way to describe it but dude look
at the run we've ended up creating
instead of shooting three shots with a
fire rate of 30 something for 28 I think
we're shooting five shots with a fire
rate of 11 and two two point two two
damage plus four guffy so the one thing
I'll acquiesce it would have been nice
this is a proper use of acquiesce so
I'll accept no aggravation the one thing
I like we yes we should have taken
hivemind we didn't I
cares about that right there um first
off give me coins please since there's
coins if we sleep in this they won't
even let us we didn't oh holy Mantha we
didn't get hit at all on that floor good
lord
we're just gonna move on and the reason
we're gonna move on is because we can
use our money on the next floor instead
again we've already donated a max we
don't need to donate anymore this is
good we are already flying and
pay-to-play doesn't give us much so the
pact is solid little day Oh big rate of
fire increase I'm not reroll in this run
not as the keeper have mercy
we don't need a bookworm
Wow Sacred Heart just gave us a plus 30
damage upgrade take conehead which also
works is like an infamy substitute plus
we look like we're wearing a beanie or
something probably goes without saying
but runs pretty good
some of the weirdest-looking shots I've
ever seen we got to watch out for
enemies that can hit us from afar but
like apart from that we're doing 54
damage kind of on the ridiculous side
like crown of light Plus Sacred Heart is
just about as lucky as you can ever
expect again it might be a good time to
put in like a photosensitivity warning
things are flashing pretty fast here
it'll get worse if we get sad bombs god
willing but oh I lost my holy mantle
charge so now we've got to be the very
slightest bit careful and I mean we
can't really take much advantage out of
this but there you go we can buy
probably one more item and the strength
card is there to bail us out if we if we
get hit twice on the next floor so we
might be able to sneak two items out of
here certainly nine lives you can make a
case but it's not what I'm looking for
we don't need HP we already have two
trinkets everything else is pretty honor
oh okay we don't need Guppies head cuz
we're gonna take book of Belial and get
like a little damage upgrade and then is
there anything else we want with 16
cents you almost like might as well buy
something but what actually all of this
is garbage I'm excited
actually just terrible give me the heck
out of here dude
I'm excited might've like potholed this
whole run is that a word that makes any
sense in this context I don't know I'm
just gonna hope the answers yes this guy
might start moving pretty darn fast pop
this we get up to 62 damage I don't know
he's eating it pretty quickly here this
is like before many of the Flies have
even had a chance to make it over there
and we stole my god he's excited
we still have holy mantle popping
strange way to describe a passive item
that protects you from taking damage Wow
it's like actually may be the strongest
run I've ever had we get rid of greed
it's okay well why don't you name what
it does NL no shop keeper in the shop no
no no greed boy in the shop I think it's
the answer so we could have gotten a 90
for damage but I was really saving the
strength card for like an HP injection
when necessary either way why donate why
not is the answer I'm gonna give you
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed it if you think click the like
button upset a great deal of course
subscribe if you wanna see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time